yo what's up guys this is a Charlie G of
X here um so today we are looking at a
nice little thing called game booster
now for those of you who play Minecraft
and enjoy playing games you know like
stuff sometimes you will have issues um
more than likely FPS issues your game
will lag or whatever so I'm here to tell
you and well to give you this awesome
thing it's called game booster here is
game booster here premium and yeah what
this does is it it closes all the stuff
that could be clogging up your gaming
thing so for example if you've there's
obviously a lot of programs running on
your desktop and game booster will
instantly close them very safely will
close them and allow more usage for
gameplay such as minecraft okay um where
to get game booster well first you're
gonna open up your internet browser and
you're gonna type in game booster now it
is from i/o but so none of these I don't
know I haven't gone to these but I don't
know about them but this is the one I
you but calm click that and then you'll
be brought to the nice-looking page etc
etc and you hit free download you
brought here you can't get free but you
have to go through all this via these
sort of things I don't want to go
through it so let's hit the download
button um we can download it but I
already have it so I'm not going down
and as you just carry on with a
installtion and whatever and whatever
then this will come up and sometimes
it'll tell you that another thing will
come out telling you that you can if you
want you can what
you can install these necessary drivers
for your room for your thing you were
home last reward that for your PC you
know essential drivers game essentials
steam I'm sure a lot of you are familiar
with it and maybe some area familiar
with ax fire but I do not want them so
yeah um this is what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna hit click to boost the gaming will
temporarily shut down unnecessary backer
process and servers clean RAM and
intensify processor performance you're
just gonna hit okay and all this good
stuff and you're gonna hit next
these are just sort of little things you
can do sort of whatever I'm just gonna
close these except Java because I'm
going to need Java
yes gaming more power plant go and voila
we are we are in minimized tree it'll
minimize itself so it has stopped that's
good stuff 20 surfaces apps have been
stopped so let's run minecraft yes
single-player I just started a new world
it's gonna change the render distance
before it's a lot smoother than it was
before because before this I was relying
really badly can I hit one more time oh
yeah this is way smoother the only
reason it's lagging it but now is
because I'm screen recording but apart
from this yeah this is pretty smoother
than it was before so yeah that is thing
know what I have also included what this
is not only can you download this thing
here but I have a serial
what can I open it from here yes so is a
have a thing called register I have
provided a serial for you guys so when
you got game booster premium and you
download it I can in the description
below I will have this serial so under
here you'll have a register and a big
red button you hit that and you enter
your register and you will have premium
which is pretty sexy so yeah it's gonna
move at the top performance is gonna
disable all these you know optimize now
apparently this is it optimize the top
performance and we're going to have a
quick look on Minecraft on it
oh yeah but you guys but it helped me
and yes I have scanned it on several
things norton ABG etc etc like sure so
yeah that's it having troubles with
Minecraft or ever get game booster ok
guys thanks for watching um this little
helpful video I hope it helped you
because it definitely helped me and
stitching for more tutorials and all
that good stuff ok